### Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is **OdiNetwork Soluções Tecnológicas** policy to respect your privacy in relation to any information from you that we may collect on our *OdiNetwork POS* system and other websites and systems that we own and operate. We only ask for personal information when we really need it to provide you with a service. We do this by fair and legal means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we are collecting it and how it will be used. We only retain the information collected for as long as it takes to provide the requested service. When we store data, we protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We do not share personally identifiable information publicly or with third parties, except as required by law. Our website may have links to external websites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites and cannot accept responsibility for their respective privacy policies. You are free to decline our request for personal information, understanding that we may not be able to provide some of the services you desire. Your continued use of our system will be deemed acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, please contact us by email contato@odinetwork.com.br.

### OdiNetwork POS Cookie Policy
- **What are cookies?**
As is common practice on almost all professional websites, this website uses cookies, which are small files downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they collect, how we use it, and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored, however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the website's functionality.
- **How do we use cookies?**
We use cookies for a variety of reasons, detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases, there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave all cookies if you are unsure whether or not you need them, if they are used to provide a service that you use.
- **Disable cookies**
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting your browser settings (see your browser's Help to learn how to do this). Please be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites you visit. Disabling cookies will generally result in the disabling of certain functionality and features of this website. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
- **Cookies we set**
Account-related cookies: If you create an account with us, we will use cookies to manage the sign-up process and general administration. These cookies will generally be deleted when you log out, however in some cases they may remain later to remember your site preferences when you log out.
Login-related cookies: We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this action. This saves you from having to log in every time you visit a new page. These cookies are normally removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when you log in.
Cookies related to email newsletters: This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remind you if you are already registered and if you should show certain notifications valid only to subscribed/non-subscribed users enrolled.
Orders processing related cookies: This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered across pages so that we can process it properly.
Survey-Related Cookies: From time to time, we offer surveys and questionnaires to provide interesting information, useful tools, or to more accurately understand our user base. These surveys may use cookies to remember who has already participated in a survey or to provide accurate results after changing pages.
Form-Related Cookies: When you submit data through a form such as those found on contact pages or feedback forms, cookies may be set to remember the user's details for future correspondence.
Site Preferences Cookies: To provide you with a great experience on this site, we provide functionality to set your preferences for how this site performs when you use it. To remember your preferences, we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page that is affected by your preferences.
Analytical Cookies: Periodically, we test new features and make subtle changes to the way the site looks. When we're still testing new features, these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience while on the site, while we understand which optimizations our users most appreciate. As we sell products, it's important that we understand statistics about how many visitors to our site actually interact with our site, and therefore this is the type of data these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to analyze our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
Third-party cookies: In some special cases, we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you may encounter through this website. At the moment, our system does not use any third party cookies, this may change in the future and if this happens this policy will be updated to ensure transparency about our activities and actions.

### User Commitment
The user undertakes to make proper use of the contents and information that OdiNetwork POS offers on the website and with an enunciative but non-limiting character:
A) Not to engage in activities that are illegal or contrary to good faith or public order;
B) Not to spread propaganda or content of a racist, xenophobic, today's game or chance, any type of illegal pornography, apology for terrorism or against human rights;
C) Not to cause damage to the physical (hardware) and logical (software) systems of OdiNetwork POS, its suppliers or third parties, to introduce or spread computer viruses or any other hardware or software systems that are capable of causing the aforementioned damage.

### More information
We hope you are clear and, as mentioned above, if you have any questions, please feel free to get in touch with us.

> Privacy Policy of the OdiNetwork POS system, valid from and updated on 12/12/2021.

OdiNetwork Technological Solutions © 2021 - All rights reserved.
