### Terms of use
Reading and agreeing with the terms of use are mandatory to register and use the OdiNetwork POS system, offered by the company OdiNetwork Soluções Tecnológicas. Upon registration, you will be accepting all the rules and if you do not agree with the terms, you will not be able to use the services described and offered on our websites (https://odinetwork.com.br/solucoes/pdv or https://pdv.odinetwork.com.br). Before registering to use our services, please make sure you accept and agree to these terms of use.
  
This document may be periodically amended, as needed, to keep it updated. We will keep the updated version of these terms of use in this [hyperlink](https://github.com/OdiNetwork/Terms-and-Policies/blob/main/OdiNetwork%20PDV/pt-br/Terms%20of%20Use.md) and it can be consulted at any time, and we may change this document in the system, only aiming to improve and improve the services provided, in whole or in part, if necessary, regardless of prior notice. For your control, you may be notified by message via e-mail or by other means of communication. We always show the latest version date at the end of these terms of use. By continuing to use the Services after the changes are made, you are agreeing to the changed terms. If you do not agree with the changes, you must stop using the services and cancel them, following the instructions in item "2.3 Cancellations and Refunds".

### 1. OdiNetwork POS Account
OdiNetwork POS is a paid monthly recurrence system which you can try for free for 7 days.

To access the services, you must create an account in our system through the link https://pdv.odinetwork.com.br/register, providing a valid and proprietary e-mail address, in addition to the other information requested and necessary in the time of registration, for validation.

We provide technical support for the services through our communication channels. Our support is primarily via email.

We will send e-mails related to the services used. If you do not want to receive them, you can cancel them by clicking on the 'unsubscribe' option within the email sent by us. You will be able to use the services properly and quickly if you are using:
1. Internet access faster than 1MB/s;
2. A device that supports web browsing, along with the latest versions of one of the supported browsers;

### 2. About System Signing
We market our system through a recurring monthly subscription.

You will be notified within the system when there is a need to pay for a subscription renewal. After the end of a payment cycle, if the user does not renew his subscription, he will lose access to certain parts and tools of the system.

Subscription prices may vary according to seasonality and promotions. The value will always be presented, clearly, in the interface that the user is using to make the purchase.

#### 2.1 Free Trial
By registering, the user agrees to take a 7 (seven) day free trial. After completing this test, the user must sign up to continue using OdiNetwork POS. If you do not subscribe, you will lose access to your account.

#### 2.2 Cancellations and Refunds
In compliance with article 49 of the Brazilian Consumer Protection Code, the amount paid will be fully refunded if the user has requested cancellation within 7 (seven) days, counting from the beginning of the effective use of the paid version of the system. If the user has requested cancellation after these 7 (seven) days, the cancellation of the subscription will only cease charging in the next payment cycle, with the user still having access to the premium version until the end of the current and already paid cycle.
  
No amount will be refunded after 7 (seven) days of using the paid version.

If you have any questions about this process, just contact us by email contato@odinetwork.com.br.

To cancel your subscription at any time, just contact our support by email contato@odinetwork.com.br.

### 3. Our responsibility
We are responsible for keeping the services on the air for as long as possible, but there may be cases beyond our control that may cause the website to be temporarily unavailable (“Unexpected Events or Force Majeure”).

We will do our best to maintain the confidentiality and availability of your data, always using industry best practices and security policies.

We cannot be held responsible for damages caused to you by the use of our services, since we only provide one tool, and the content generated by it is inserted by you.

Our services do not guarantee specific results, performance guarantees or other expectations.

### 4. Your responsibility
You are responsible for keeping your password secure.

The content posted by you is your responsibility, as well as all acts performed by you.

### 5. Account deletion due to inactivity
All accounts that have not been renewed and any activity for six months will be deleted from our database. All account data will be deleted and cannot be recovered.

Let's consider inactivity the lack of login and payment renewal for a registered account. If the user has an account deleted due to inactivity, he can use the same email to make a new registration in our system.

### More information
We hope you are clear and, as mentioned above, if you have any questions, please feel free to get in touch with us.
> Terms of Use for the OdiNetwork POS system, valid from and updated on 12/12/2021.

OdiNetwork Technological Solutions © 2021 - All rights reserved.
